Automatic creation of .deb packages (#72)
precice/calculix-adapter: packaging/manpage.md

# NAME
ccx_preCICE - Adapter for using CalculiX with the preCICE library.

# SYNOPSIS
**ccx_preCICE** [*OPTION*] *files*

# DESCRIPTION

This page briefly summarizes how to use CalculiX with or without preCICE. For more detailed instructions, read the CalculiX documention on http://www.dhondt.de/ccx_2.17.pdf and preCICE documentation on https://precice.org/docs.html.
Omitting the -precice-participant option starts a stand-alone CalculiX simulation.

# OPTIONS

**-v, --version, -h, --help** 

: Prints current version of CalculiX. 

**-i < jobname >**

: Starts the job defined in <jobname>.inp. Be sure to omit the extension .inp in the job name.

**-precice-participant < participant >**

> : Runs a preCICE simulation with name < participant >. This name must be the one used in the YAML config file as well as in the preCICE configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Runs a preCICE simulation with name < participant >. This name must be the one used in the adapter configuration file as well as in the preCICE configuration file.
```

% ccx_preCICE(1) 2.17
% Boris Martin

> % Oct 2021

Reviewer 2: How is this information processed?
The official guideline to writing man pages state that one should avoid the author block.

Author: It was part of an unofficial template I used, I didn't really pay attention to.
Output on my machine is this : 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/84379125/141147905-9d8750ef-9372-4cd2-9e3f-778ceccadbee.png)

No objection te removing it if you think it's better.

Reviewer 2: The official man page from man-pages on the convention for writing linux man pages :exploding_head: highly suggests to omit the AUTHOR section. https://linux.die.net/man/7/man-pages

# NAME
ccx_preCICE - Adapter for using CalculiX with the preCICE library.

# SYNOPSIS
**ccx_preCICE** [*OPTION*] *files*

# DESCRIPTION

This page briefly summarizes how to use CalculiX with or without preCICE. For more detailed instructions, read the CalculiX documention on http://www.dhondt.de/ccx_2.17.pdf and preCICE documentation on https://precice.org/docs.html.

> CalculiX is used alone when the -precice-participant option is not used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omitting the -precice-participant option starts a stand-alone CalculiX simulation.
```

(but maybe move this further down, to the options section?)

## Using with preCICE

> ## Regular usage

Reviewer: What is the purpose of these sections and why are they here?

Author: I planned to add the part above, but since it's very short these sections should probably be removed

# OPTIONS

**-v, --version, -h, --help** 

: Prints current version of CalculiX. 

**-i < jobname >**

: Starts the job defined in <jobname>.inp. Be sure to omit the extension .inp in the job name.

**-precice-participant < participant >**

: Runs a preCICE simulation with name < participant >. This name must be the one used in the YAML config file as well as in the preCICE configuration file.

# EXAMPLES

> **ccx_preCICE -i flap -precice-participant Calculix** : Runs the coupled simulation flap.inp as participant "CalculiX".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**ccx_preCICE -i flap -precice-participant CalculiX** : Runs the coupled simulation flap.inp as participant "CalculiX".
```
